It's time to migrate our meals, to go up, to use our firebase, function locally, to supply it with
market data, that is going to be the first step in our process towards integrating with Google.
And now, if you do not have a private account, you can still do the step of moving the market data
into the firebase function.
Now, note here that when you do move it over from the app into the local server, your app will no
longer be usable if you publish it without deploying the server.
This is a very important thing that we need to note as it will affect your app.
But you can try it out.
You can for sure try this out, see how it works.
Just be aware that this may happen.
OK, so now over here we have the Ajello world function.
And it takes a request and a response.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to rename this, we're going to name it Geocode.
Now, why are we going to name a Geocode?
Because the first API that we're going to integrate with is the Google Geocode API, geocoding API.
This is an API that takes a place and then translates into a longitude latitude.
Now the service in our app is called location.
However, since we're integrating with something called Geocode, our firebase function is going to
be called Geocode.
Now, this geocode function is going to call something called a geocode request.
And that geocode request is going to take the request parameter from the firebase function and the response
parameter, and what it's going to do with them is it's going to use them internally.
Now, if we go look over here in our function's folder, what we're going to do is we're going to create
a new folder.
We're going to call it Geocode inside of that geocode folder.
We're going to create a new index docs file.
And there we're going to say module exports dot geocode request is equal to a function that takes request
and response and then sends back something.
So here we open the function body.
And what we can do over here is we can interact with the requests in the response that we passed in.
So let's say const geocode request.
Geocode request is equal to the require of and then we'll do Dogood geocode and that will bring in our
geocode request.
Let's remove this over here and if we go look over here in our geocode request, we can do something
called response thought send and we can send G.O. code request.
Now, if we restart our search function, what we should be able to see is that when we go inside of
our functions here, we'll have a new function called Geocode.
And if we open that up, what it's going to say is geocode request.
So now that we have that part set up, what we can do is inside of geocode request.
We can now add the mock request that we initially did inside of our application.
So let's do that.
If we go look inside our source folder and we go to our services folder, what we can see inside of
location is that we have a location that Mochtar is.
And what we're going to do is we're going to move that up into the functions geocode folder.
And by moving it there, we're going to do is we're going to rename it, we're going to name it, geocode
the mock torches.
And we have to do some stuff inside of here.
We have to say module dot exports, dot locations.
Now, why do we have to change the syntax from export const?
Well, this is a newer syntax for exporting and the way that this function is running, this firebase
function, it's running solely inside of no nogs.
There is no fancy compilation happening for it to understand more modern versions of JavaScript.
So we have to keep things simple and we have to use a module that exports notation, which is something
that node understands internally.
So we're simplifying the way that our firebase function needs to understand how it's exporting the locations.
This is just something that we need to do in order for the function to understand that locations is
being exported.
And then if we go inside of our location service over here, what we can see is that our location request
is a promise resolve of the location moch.
So let's take that away now and let's remove this.
What we're basically doing in here is we're ensuring that our location request is now actually going
to hit a server.
If we go over into the Geocode Mosque in the geocode folder and we look at the Geocode Mosque, we have
our locations being exported and inside of the module exports, what we want to do is we want to say
CONSED locations is equal to require of dogs geocode moch.
And so with these locations.
We'll name it, locations mock, so we're going to import our locations as locations mock from geocode
mock.
And the reason we have to use require is, again, because we're running this directly in and no does
not have an import from resolver just yet, as that is a more modern syntax.
So we have to adjust the way that we write our code.
So do not try to use the react patterns that we've established inside of the firebase function.
Now, if we go over here, what we can see is that there's a promise resolve.
We don't really need this anymore.
The promise resolve is not necessary as we are inside of a server.
But what we need is our location function to take the locations mock of a specific location.
Well, what we would call this is a specific city.
And the way that we're going to get city is we're going to import a library, called yourself from YORO
and we're going to pass the URL for its query parameters.
So we're going to say you rld pass right over here of request that you are.
This is basically server code for us to understand that we're going to be targeting the query parameter.
So if we say Konsta query is equal to this, what we can do is if we go over here and we say JSON that
string Afie of our query.
What we can see over in the code right here is we're going to have nothing and then if I say questionmark
city equals Antwerp, we're going to have city Antwerp.
And if I say city Toronto, if I say city Toronto, it's going to show Toronto.
Chicago is going to show Chicago.
If I say San Francisco, it's going to do San Francisco.
So like that we're able to pass Querrey parameters into the URL.
So we're able to tell it what it's going to search for.
And this is how we pass that out.
Off the query, we can actually to structure something called city, and then if we send back specifically
the city, what we'll be able to see here is that when we do this, it's just going to show us San Francisco.
And that's because we took the property city directly off of the object.
So now we're just going to see the individual place.
If we do, Toronto will see Toronto.
OK, so now that we know that we have our city, if we go into our locations, Mark, we can see that
our locations, Mark, is an object that contains different places.
Now, knowing that what we can do over here is we can say council location Mark is equal to location
of city dot to lower case.
And if we do that and we send back our location, Mark, but we're going to see over here is if we send
in Toronto.
We're going to see a result if we send in Chicago, we're going to see a result.
If we send in Antwerp, we're going to see a result.
If we send in Portugal, the country, we're not going to see a result.
If we send them somewhere, I don't know.
We're not going to see a result.
If we send in San Francisco, we are going to see a result.
That's the point here.
We're basically moving our mock interface to work against this server that is behind localhost five
thousand and one is a local firebase function.
And eventually we're going to push this up to the cloud and it's going to have a different euro and
then we're going to be able to link our app to that URL in order for it to work end to end as a mock.
Right now, we're able to send our mock back and what we're going to do is we're going to specifically
send it back as JSON.
So as a JSON object, because if we do send like this, it's not guaranteed that the other application
is going to receive it in the right format immediately.
So we use something called response that JSON and that's going to add some specifics about notifying
the browser, what format the content is in and having this in this format.
Now we can go look at our app.
And what we'll see in our app is that we've basically broken it.
It's not going to work because we've removed the location service from doing the request itself.
Now, in the next video, what we'll look at is integrating this request directly from the local firebase
functions so that we can get our app to work locally with the location, search against our local firebase
function.